1 or grass_block (or grassblock)
Grass Block icon for the achievement or challenge.

2 or diamond
Diamond icon for the achievement or challenge.

3 or diamond_sword (or diamondsword)
Diamond Sword icon for the achievement or challenge.

4 or creeper
Creeper icon for the achievement or challenge.

5 or pig
Pig icon for the achievement or challenge.

6 or tnt
Tnt icon for the achievement or challenge.

7 or cookie
Cookie icon for the achievement or challenge.

8 or heart
Heart icon for the achievement or challenge.

9 or bed
Bed icon for the achievement or challenge.

10 or cake
Cake icon for the achievement or challenge.

11 or sign
Sign icon for the achievement or challenge.

12 or rail
Rail icon for the achievement or challenge.

13 or crafting_bench (or craftingbench)
Crafting Bench icon for the achievement or challenge.

14 or redstone
Redstone icon for the achievement or challenge.

15 or fire
Fire icon for the achievement or challenge.

16 or cobweb
Cobweb icon for the achievement or challenge.

17 or chest
Chest icon for the achievement or challenge.

18 or furnace
Furnace icon for the achievement or challenge.

19 or book
Book icon for the achievement or challenge.

20 or stone_block (or stoneblock)
Stone Block icon for the achievement or challenge.

21 or wooden_plank_block (or woodenplankblock)
Wooden Plank Block icon for the achievement or challenge.

22 or iron_ingot (or ironingot)
Iron Ingot icon for the achievement or challenge.

23 or gold_ingot (or goldingot)
Gold Ingot icon for the achievement or challenge.

24 or wooden_door (or woodendoor)
Wooden Door icon for the achievement or challenge.

25 or iron_door (or irondoor)
Iron Door icon for the achievement or challenge.

26 or diamond_chestplate (or diamondchestplate)
Diamond Chestplate icon for the achievement or challenge.

27 or flint_and_steel (or flintandsteel)
Flint And Steel icon for the achievement or challenge.

28 or glass_bottle (or glassbottle)
Glass Bottle icon for the achievement or challenge.

29 or splash_potion (or splashpotion)
Splash Potion icon for the achievement or challenge.

30 or creeper_spawnegg (or creeperspawnegg)
Creeper Spawnegg icon for the achievement or challenge.

38 or creeperspawnegg
Creeperspawnegg icon for the achievement or challenge.

31 or coal
Coal icon for the achievement or challenge.

32 or iron_sword (or ironsword)
Iron Sword icon for the achievement or challenge.

33 or bow
Bow icon for the achievement or challenge.

34 or arrow
Arrow icon for the achievement or challenge.

35 or iron_chestplate (or ironchestplate)
Iron Chestplate icon for the achievement or challenge.

36 or bucket
Bucket icon for the achievement or challenge.

37 or bucket_with_water (or bucketwithwater)
Bucket With Water icon for the achievement or challenge.

39 or bucket_with_milk (or bucketwithmilk)
Bucket With Milk icon for the achievement or challenge.

40 or diamond_boots (or diamondboots)
Diamond Boots icon for the achievement or challenge.

41 or wooden_hoe (or woodenhoe)
Wooden Hoe icon for the achievement or challenge.

42 or bread
Bread icon for the achievement or challenge.

43 or wooden_sword (or woodensword)
Wooden Sword icon for the achievement or challenge.

44 or bone
Bone icon for the achievement or challenge.

45 or oak_log (or oaklog)
Oak Log icon for the achievement or challenge.

46 or random